aws: podvm creation based on RHEL AMI (#725)
confidential-containers/cloud-api-adaptor: aws/README.md

- Set environment variables
```
export AWS_REGION="us-east-1" # mandatory
export PODVM_DISTRO=rhel # mandatory
export INSTANCE_TYPE=t3.small # optional, default is t3.small
export IMAGE_NAME=peer-pod-ami-image # optional

> export VPC_ID=vpc-01234567890abcdef # optional, otherwise, it sets and use the default vpc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export VPC_ID=vpc-01234567890abcdef # optional, otherwise, it creates and uses the default vpc
```
